Quorum recovery improvements (#40)
manticoresoftware/manticoresearch-helm: charts/manticoresearch/CHANGELOG.md

### 5.0.24

> * Expose to values replication quorum recovery switcher
> * add different behaviour of quorum recovery for each one of replication modes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Exposed replication quorum recovery switcher to `values.yaml`
* Added different behaviours of quorum recovery for different replication modes
```
